We had just slaughtered a bunch of not-so-innocent Red Scarves people at the warehouse and their puppies. We took the Brass Dragon Egg that we found and put it in the box that it came in and loaded the box onto a wagon. The goblin stayed behind and disguised himself as a worker (after SPEAKING with one of us!) while the rest of us left to go to the tavern. We parked outside the tavern and went to sleep in the cart guarding the box, but not before Snowflake went in for a cup of milk. During that time, the goblin (whose name we still don't know but is definitely Zoloft) was interrogated by the Red Scarves and (again, speaking out loud) told them that they were all attacked by The Kings Guard. Then he joined the rest of us at the tavern and fell asleep. The next day, we decided to make our way to a bank when we were stopped by some City Guards who asked us if we were who they thought we were. They seemed pretty sus but eventually we said yes, and the guard told us the mayor wanted to see us (at his work? at his house?? at a brothel???). On to the bank! With a high persuasion roll, we were able to pay for some space in the bank vault where we stashed the crate and paid for 3 months. (That should be long enough for this campaign, right?) Then we went to the mayor's office where he started interrogating us about where we were last night. We did NOT want to tell him because we did not trust him. Some of us failed our deception rolls, however, so the jig was up. We told him about our attack on the RS warehouse. He asked us why we spread the rumor that it was the King's Guard who did the murdering, and since the goblin never actually told us that he had said that, we had no idea. (The goblin, as usual, remained silent.) The mayor then told us that he had been suspicious that the King's Guard (and maybe the king himself) were conspiring with the Red Scarves, but he didn't have any proof. He asked us if we would be willing to find such proof in exchange for gold, and we accepted. (Which by the way @tyler Aysum gets 41g 6s.) We decided to go to the bridge (which is inside the city!) where we had discovered a secret entrance to a RS...something. Before we left, though, the goblin went to the blacksmith and held up the job posting again and surprisingly...got hired? He was told to carry some broken tools across the way to another shop in exchange for some gold, so we did that for a hot minute. Then to the RS hideout. We waited in the bridge rafters until two RS bastards walked out of the side of the bridge (it was like a sliding hidden door). We jumped them and bound one of them / charmed the other and for whatever insane reason brought them to the mayor, who was not happy to see us. (We thought he would want to ask them some questions.) He TOLD THE RED SCARVES that we were the ones who did all the murdering the previous night, so we had to kill them. Right there. On the mayor's nice rug that really tied the room together. There was SO MUCH BLOOD. The mayor was PISSED. We left, because who wants to be around a pissy mayor, and found a library to do some research (maybe, we're not that intelligent), hence the questions that were posed above.